[core] - Tracing errors should not fail the request (#16916)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-rest-pipeline/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - `tracingPolicy` will no longer propagate tracing errors to the caller, instead logging and continuing. [PR #16916](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16916)

Reviewer: this one could be updated similar to the other?
```suggestion
- `tracingPolicy` will no longer propagate tracing errors to the caller, and such errors will be logged instead and the operation does not get interrupted. [PR #16916](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16916)
```

Author: 🤦‍♂️ thank you!
